[API Gateway] Add Iguazio authentication mode (#3828)
nuclio/nuclio: docs/reference/api-gateway/nuctl.md

			--namespace <namespace>
```

## Iguazio authentication

> Iguazio authentication is a way to authenticate users by the predefined platform-level authentication URL and login URL.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Iguazio authentication allows authenticating users via the Iguazio Platform, when Nuclio is running as part of Iguazio.
```

Author: Fixed here - [Fix Tomer's CR comments](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3828/commits/f1f5efa21dfb4f99bf7a9fe43eab60bcd6869bbf)

> These URLs are configured at the platform config and remain identical across all API gateways - they cannot be customized or overridden per instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The authentication and login URLs are configured at the platform config and remain identical across all API gateways - they cannot be customized or overridden per instance.
```

Author: Fixed here - [Fix Tomer's CR comments](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3828/commits/f1f5efa21dfb4f99bf7a9fe43eab60bcd6869bbf)

Both AuthURL and loginURL must be configured.

You can create an api gateway with Iguazio authentication by running the following command:
```
$ nuctl create apigateway <api-gateway-name> \
			--host <api-gateway-name>-<project-name>.<nuclio-host-name> \
			--path "/some/path" \
			--description "some-description" \
			--function some-function-name \

> 			--authentication-mode "iguazio" \

Reviewer: are the quotes required?

Author: The quotes are not required, I added them to keep consistency with other authN description [[link](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/blob/0177add28479dc99cabff35f5771552b6ae3106a/docs/reference/api-gateway/nuctl.md?plain=1#L18)].
I will update all the examples.

Author: Fixed here - [Fix Tomer's CR comments](https://github.com/nuclio/nuclio/pull/3828/commits/78230c47f5e4a2df70b9464593ce80b63b312d70)
